Bootstrap
*********

							Bootstrap is the most popular HTML, CSS, and JavaScript framework for developing responsive, mobile-first web sites. Anybody with just basic knowledge of HTML and CSS can start using Bootstrap. Bootstrap's responsive CSS adjusts to phones, tablets, and desktops. Bootstrap is compatible with all modern browsers (Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer, Safari, and Opera). Utilize responsive design to allow your website to adapt to various screen sizes – mobile, desktop, and everything in between. Add consistency to design and code between projects and between developers. Quickly and easily prototype new designs, ensure cross-browser compatibility. Bootstrap is a giant collection of handy, reusable bits of code written in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. It’s also a front-end development framework that enables developers & designers to quickly build fully responsive websites. Bootstrap's features are responsive, which means they are optimized to fit the size of the screen you're seeing the page on, such as desktops, tablets or cell phones. For example, a Bootstrap form on a desktop site will proportionally change in size when viewed from a mobile phone. The core structure of Bootstrap is mobile-first styles as opposed to desktop-first. This means that instead of using max-width in the media queries- like you would for a site designed for desktop- you use min-width. Generally, coding for mobile-first is simpler than coding for desktop. Also, where global styles (outside the media queries) are usually designed to make websites look nice on a large screen, a mobile-first approach focuses on sites looking attractive on a small screen. Bootstrap doesn't discriminate, which is why it is compatible with all current browsers, like Chrome, Safari, Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Opera. The best reason of them all! You only need very barebones knowledge of HTML and CSS to begin using Bootstrap. Twitter Bootstrap is the most popular front end framework in the recent time. It is sleek, intuitive, and powerful mobile first front-end framework for faster and easier web development. It uses HTML, CSS and Javascript. This tutorial will teach you the basics of Bootstrap Framework using which you can create web projects with ease. The tutorial is divided into sections such as Bootstrap Basic Structure, Bootstrap CSS, Bootstrap Layout Components and Bootstrap Plugins. This describe has been prepared for anyone who has a basic knowledge of HTML and CSS and has an urge to develop websites. After completing this tutorial you will find yourself at a moderate level of expertise in developing web projects using Twitter Bootstrap.

Swagger Framework
*****************

							Swagger is a specification for documenting REST API. It specifies the format (URL, method, and representation) to describe REST web services. It provides also tools to generate the documentation from application code. What does this mean? As an application developer, you write web services using your favorite framework, Swagger scans your code and exposes the documentation on some URL. Any client can consume this URL (which comes as XML or JSON documents) and learn how to use your REST web services: which HTTP methods to call on which URL, which input documents to send, which status code to expect, etc. Most web applications support RESTful APIs, but — unlike SOAP APIs — REST APIs rely on HTTP methods and lack a Web Services Description Language (WSDL) equivalent to define request and response structures between consumers and providers. Without an adequate contract service, many REST API providers use Microsoft Word documents or wiki pages to document API usage. Those formats can make collaboration and document version control difficult, especially for applications that have many APIs or resources, or when APIs are under iterative development. Those types of documents are also harder to integrate into an automated testing application. The open source Swagger framework helps remedy these issues for API consumers and developers. The framework provides the OpenAPI Specification (formerly known as the Swagger specification) for creating RESTful API documentation formatted in JSON or YAML, a human-friendly superset of JSON. Swagger documents can be processed by various programming languages and can be checked into source control for version management during the software development cycle. But Swagger has shortcomings of its own. When we used the framework to document our own APIs, we found gaps between our documentation needs and Swagger's basic capabilities. 


SAM Framework
*************

						SAM is the “State-Action-Model” pattern, a new reactive pattern which seems to have interesting properties when building User Interfaces (Web or otherwise). SAM’s foundation is TLA+, so it can be used for many other things, but in this series of posts, I take a look at how we can use SAM to construct modern, OmniChannel User Interfaces. In essence, and in this context, SAM borrows many ideas from React.js, but without the ceremony that React comes with. The big game changer here is frameworks like bootstrap that allow us to decouple the “components” from the “page”. It would be harder to use SAM with a pure “page” formalism. Let’s talk a bit about the ceremony introduced by React. I understand if I had to build Instagram, I would need that kind of framework, but that’s not for everyone. When you consider the burden of adopting and learning React, you may want to think twice before you burry your feet into it. 
